* Episode 1: Faith
Bigby has been summoned to the Tenement Building by Toad due to a
massive commotion going on in the apartment above. The player has a
choice on how hard to be on Toad. It will effect how Toad and Bigby's
relationship is, considering it is already tense.

Bigby then proceeds to the apartment above. He gains access to the
room where he hears angry yelling. He will then encounter the Woodsman
hitting a girl. Bigby and the Woodsman, no matter what choice will
engage into an intense fight which will end with both of them falling
from the high-story building and Bigby landing on Toad's car. However,
Woodsman will reveal to still be alive, as Fables are hard to
kill. He, however, is then struck by an axe on his head by the girl he
was hitting. He then goes unconscious and Bigby will thank the
girl. The girl then asks Bigby if she could have the money the
Woodsman owed her. The player is then given a choice, to give her the
money or to not give her the money.

If the player chooses to give her the money, Bigby will give her money
and she will thank him before leaving.

If the player chooses not to give her the money, Bigby won't give her
the money and will be a bit sad. She will then leave.

Bigby will then go to Woodland Apartments where he will encounter
Beauty leaving somewhere, secretive, and she will ask him to promise
not to say anything to Beast. Bigby can either do so or not and will
then encounter Beast. Beast will ask where Beauty is and the player
has a choice, to tell Beast, keep your promise, stay out of it, or
close the elevator door on him.

If the player chooses to tell Beast about Beauty, Beast will thank you
for telling him and will chase after her.

If the player chooses to not tell Beast about Beauty, Beast will
apologize for bothering you and leaves.

If the player chooses to stay out of it, Beast will question what you
mean by that, but Bigby ignores him and he leaves.

If the player stays silent and closes the elevator door on Beast,
Beast will react surprised and will scream to wait.

After a brief interaction with Colin, a couch-surfing pig crashing in
his apartment, Bigby gets some shut-eye, only to be interrupted by
Snow White. She reveals that the girl the Woodsman was hitting was
killed, and her severed head was left in the Woodlands courtyard. They
return to the Business Office, where they find out that the girl was
named Faith, from the Fable Donkeyskin. Bigby also discovers that her
husband, Lawrence, is injured, possibly fatally, in his apartment. As
he and Snow are about to leave, he receives a call from Toad saying
that someone is searching the Woodsman's apartment. The player is then
given another choice to whether go to Toad's place first or Prince
Lawrence's house first.

If Bigby chooses to visit Lawrence's apartment first, he and Snow
arrive to find him seemingly dead from a gunshot wound. After
searching the apartment for a time, he concludes that Lawrence
committed suicide. However, he soon wakes up, revealing himself to be
alive. Bigby is given the option to reveal his wife's death to him,
tell him she's missing, lie about her fate, or stay silent and prompt
Snow to deliver the bad news herself. At that point, someone knocks on
the door and begins picking the lock. Bigby and Snow hide in a closet
while the prince plays dead. Eventually, Lawrence either pulls a gun
on the intruder or tries to commit suicide again, succeeding if Bigby
doesn't stop him. Bigby then chases the man out through the streets,
soon cornerning in a back alley. He reveals himself to be Tweedledee,
a private investigator looking into Faith's death for an
employer. Bigby moves to arrest him, but is knocked unconscious by
Tweedledum, who snuck up behind him. He is awakened much later by
Snow, who informs him that the brothers fled the scene soon
after. They then get a taxi to Toad's apartment.

If Bigby goes to Lawrence's apartment second, the prince dies from his
injuries and they find Tweedledee hiding in the closet.

Toad's place plays out similarly regardless of whether it's visited
first or second. Upon arrival, Bigby and Snow hear TJ crying and Toad
comforting him. However, Toad acts like nothing has happened. The
sheriff sees signs of damage and forced entry and Bigby finally gets
Toad to crack and tell him what happened. Toad tells Bigby that one of
the Tweedles had pressured him to keep quiet as they were searching
for something the Woodsman was believed to own. If he is visited
second, Toad also mentioned that the thug strongarmed TJ. Toad then
gives the sheriff Faith's coat, which was left in the apartment. Bigby
finds a letter to Lawrence in it, which reads "I'm sorry." He and Snow
then exit the apartment.

Bigby, having no choices left, goes to find the Woodsman at the Trip
Trap bar to see if he has any role in the murder. During the taxi ride
there, Snow expresses doubts about her ability to help citizens of
Fabletown. Bigby encourages her to keep at it, and they part ways when
they arrive at the bar, with Snow going off to continue the
investigation elsewhere. Bigby enters the bar and finds Holly and
Gren, who claim to have never seen the Woodsman. However, Woody soon
comes out of the bathroom. Bigby questions him about Faith's death,
but Woody claims that he had nothing to do with it. Gren then
confronts the sheriff about not caring enough about the Fables not
living in the Woodlands, and ditches his glamour to fight him. While
initially gaining the upper hand, Bigby soon transforms into his half
wolf form and trounces Gren. He eventually is given the option to rip
his arm off, to the horror of Woody and Holly.

Bigby then moves to arrest Woody. However, Tweedledee then enters the
bar looking for information about Faith. Upon seeing Bigby, he
attempts to run, as does the Woodsman. Bigby then has to choose who to
arrest. Whoever is picked is then marched back to the Woodlands for
interrogation. As they arrive at the Woodlands, Bigby notices mundy
police lights. He chains his arrest to a street lamp and approaches
the apartments, which are cordoned off and surrounded by NYPD officers
and cars. Bigby enters the crime scene and walks up to the doorstep,
where a group of officers is gathered. He is shocked and horrified to
discover what is apparently Snow's severed head, and the episode ends.
* Episode 2: Smoke & Mirrors
The episode starts with Bigby being questioned by a female detective
named Kelsey Brannigan. Bigby is reluctant to answer her
questions. Suddenly, the detective and police officers in the room
pass out, and it is shown that Crane had used a memory-wipe spell to
let Bigby out.

Crane and Bigby are in a car and talk. Depending on the player's
choice, Bigby can praise or criticize Crane's actions. They arrive at
the Woodlands to see Tweedle Dee or the Woodsman, depending on your
choice in episode one. Bluebeard is seen cleaning his knife, and Crane
tells Bluebeard to let Bigby talk to them (Dee or Woody). Depending on
the players actions, Tweedledee or The Woodsman will provide
information about Snow or Faith. Also, if the player chooses for Bigby
to be "too nice" about his actions, Bluebeard will start punching the
hostage (Tweedledee or Woody), and then begin fighting with
Bigby. Snow White walks into the room, asking what's going on. The
beginning credits start.

Snow White reveals she was not dead, and that someone else had been
using glamour to look like her. Snow and Bigby talk to TJ, who said
that he had found the body while swimming. They talk to TJ for a bit
and gain some information. After, Snow and Bigby examine the body of
the victim. It is revealed that she had been using a black market
glamour, and that she was given instructions. One of the instructions
was to wear the same perfume that Snow wears. A sample of Snow's hair
and a photograph of her were also found in one of her pockets. The
glamour wears off, and it is revealed that it is a troll. The troll is
identified as Lily, Holly the bartender's sister.

The player is given the choice to allow Snow to go to the bar with
Bigby. When they/Bigby arrive at the bar, Jack is giving snarky
remarks and the player is given the choice to kick him out or to let
him stay. Bigby tells Holly about Lily's death, and Holly reveals that
Lily was a prostitute who worked at The Pudding & Pie.

Bigby arrives at the Pudding and Pie to ask Georgie, the club owner,
questions. Georgie is very cocky, and the player is allowed to destroy
items such as his TV or cigarette machine to get him
talking. Ultimately, Bigby finds a hole in the ground in which Georgie
had hidden a book and some money. The book lists the name of each of
the worker's clients and the room number in which they would
stay. Lily's last entry was to Mr. Smith in room 207. He then goes to
the Open Arms Hotel, and is suprised to find that Beauty works
there. Beauty helps Bigby, and leads him to room 207. As Beauty uses
her key to open the door, she finds out that it doesn't work. Beast
appears, and believes that Beauty had been cheating on him with
Bigby. Bigby and Beast begin to fight, and they crash into the door
of 207. They stop fighting, and find that there was blood and flowers
all over the bed. It is then revealed that this is where Holly's
sister died, and that Mr. Smith has an obsession with Snow White. He
had asked Holly's sister to wear Glamour to look like Snow
White. Bigby finds an envelope with three photos; one photo of Snow on
a bridge, one of Snow and Bigby during the previous winter, and one of
the glamoured Lily on the bed with Ichabod Crane looking over her
body. It is then revealed that Mr. Smith is Crane. Crane is looking
through the Magic Mirror, seeing Bigby and Beauty. He picks up the
magic lamp and throws it at the mirror, breaking it and ending the
episode.
* Episode 3: A Crooked Mile
The episode picks up exactly where its predecessor left off; Bigby has
discovered that Crane is the murderer; a photo of him in bed with a
murdered woman glamoured to look like Snow was found. He sees Beauty
and Beast off to arrive at Lily's funeral, where Holly, Grendel,
Prince Lawrence (determinant), Vivian and Nerissa are all
attending. He can choose to interrupt Snow's eulogy to explain the
situation or wait for her. Eventually, Snow returns to the funeral and
asks Bigby to wait at a distance.

Whilst he is awaiting, the Tweedles Dum and Dee arrive with shotguns
in Bigby's back. They warn Bigby that they will shoot him and the
funeral up unless Bigby stops searching for Crane. Infuriated at the
sight of the interrupting Tweedles, Holly and Grendel unglamour
themselves into their true forms, causing a shootout to occur. Bigby,
Holly and Grendel are all wounded in the shooting (and Snow will be
too if the player is inactive during the QTE's). The Tweedles manage
to flee as the intro to the game plays.

Then, Bigby is patched up by Doctor Swineheart in the Business Office.
Holly and Grendel were wounded in the shooting and returned to the
Trip Trap. Snow remarks that all the unknowns regarding the murder
case are frustrating her. Unfortunately, Crane shattered the Magic
Mirror with the Magic Lamp making him impossible to locate; Bufkin
tries to piece it back together but Crane has apparently took a
shard. Crane also seems to be interested in a particular magic object,
but since its page was torn out of the book, Bigby and Snow can't
determine what it is. At this point Bluebeard comes in, enraged at how
Crane has disappeared and that the office is lacking any official
representatives.

Bufkin remarks that he overheard Crane mention that he is going to see
a black market witch at 2:00am, but that is only a few short hours
away. Bigby, Snow and Bluebeard determine that there are three
possible leads to investigate; the Tweedles Office, Crane's apartment,
or the Trip Trap to look for Lily's things (since Lily would have been
getting her "Snow" glamours from a witch too). The player now must
decide which of the three locations to go. Additionally, Bluebeard
will go to Crane's apartment (or if Bigby goes there he will go to the
Tweedles office).

If he goes to Crane's apartment, then he eventually he finds Jack
there, trying to flee Crane's bedroom with an assortment of his
valuable belongings. Jack tells Bigby that the name of the witch Crane
is visiting is Aunty Greenleaf, and Bigby can accept or reject Jack's
offer: in exchange for this info, Bigby would not trouble Jack for his
presence. Either way, Snow White comes in as Bigby must now decide to
go to the Trip Trap or the Tweedles.

If he first goes to the Tweedles' Office, he finds Flycatcher there
working as a janitor. He eventually finds, in a secret room, an
address book that has the initials (A.G.) of the witch Crane was
using, but cannot determine her initials. He will also choose to offer
Flycatcher a job at the Woodlands again.

If he goes to to the Tweedles Office after Crane's apartment, he will
find a beaten Flycatcher there and default to the Trip Trap bar. If he
goes to Crane's apartment after the Tweedles Office, he will find out
from Bufkin that Bluebeard has burned many objects (perhaps the ones
he would've caught Jack stealing), and defaults to the Trip Trap. The
scene at the Trip Trap seems to be essentially the same regardless of
order however.

At the Trip Trap, Bigby re-meets Grendel and the Woodsman. He, whilst
conversing with a sleeping Holly, will find Holly's things also
pointing him to Aunty Greenleaf. He will still need to search the
other locations if this is his first decision.

(Bigby will find the witch, Aunty Greenleaf, and her address
regardless of which order Bigby visits the locations in).

Eventually, Bigby and Snow are pointed to Aunty Greenleaf. They enter
her apartment to find a very young girl, apparently Greenleaf's
daughter. After opening a Glamour Tube that the girl pleas Bigby to
not open, the girl is unglamoured revealing her to be Greenleaf. She
is initially un-cooperative in regards to Crane's location, but she
cracks down and immediately tells that he was heading to the Pudding
and Pie when Snow orders her magical tree burned to ashes since the
tree was being used to make illegal glamours. The player chooses if
Bigby burns the tree.

Bigby and Snow go to the Pudding N Pie to confront Crane; after
walking through Georgie who says into the phone "we have a problem",
they find Crane grabbing Nerissa. It is revealed that Crane had been
attempting to use the Ring of Dispel he bought from Greenleaf to
pierce the speech-impediment Nerissa's ribbons put on her (the ribbons
keep her from speaking about her job), but as Greenleaf told Bigby and
Snow earlier, the ring is no longer magical. Unable to obtain the
information, Crane is unable to use the girls to acquit himself, and
if Bigby brings up the discovered photo of him and Lily, Crane will
confess his love to Snow (who will reply stating that Crane doesn't
love her). Snow announces that she doesn't believe Crane is the killer
(though it is known that he embezzled from Fabletown). Crane is then
marched out of the club by Bigby and Snow.

As the three exit the club, they find themselves cornered into the
alleyway by cars; Bloody Mary and the shotgun-weilding Tweedles'
brothers emerge on behalf of who they call the "Crooked Man". After
Mary fails to persuade Bigby to hand over Crane, the Tweedles rapidly
shoot at Bigby until Bigby transforms into his massive, terrifying
werewolf form. He charges and effortlessly overpowers them both, and
the player is given the choice of killing or sparing Dum. However,
Bloody Mary incapacitates Bigby with a silver bullet, a werewolf's
weakness. He is knocked down, and is nearly killed by the Woodsman's
axe (somehow in her possession); Snow intervenes and surrenders
Crane. Mary, as the Crooked Man's hand is seen waving for Mary to
return, stomps on Bigby's arm inflicting a compound fracture and walks
away with Crane as Bigby is left incapacitated.
* Episode 4: In Sheep's Clothing
In a nightmare sequence, Bigby is about to be axed to death by Bloody
Mary; he violently awakes to find himself being operated on by Doctor
Swineheart, with Colin and Snow watching. The Silver Bullet Mary shot
Bigby with in the previous episode is Bigby's key weakness requiring
an important healing practice. Eventually, Swineheart finishes. Bigby
will then have to defend himself for Dum's brutal murder (if he was
killed last episode) to Snow. Snow then remarks that she, as the new
Deputy Mayor, will start doing things by the book, meaning unglamoured
Fables must be sent to The Farm. Bigby will have to decide whether or
not Colin must go. Snow is called, and tells Bigby that Bufkin told
her that Nerissa has requested to meet Bigby.

Nerissa and Bigby speak at the latter's office, though Bigby is unable
to derive much useful information since the ribbons on Nerissa's neck
impede her from discussing anything directly. Snow arrives and tells
Bigby that Beauty and Beast called, and Nerissa subtly tries to tell
Bigby that he should pursue this lead. At their apartment, Beauty
acknowledges to have taken out a loan from the Crooked Man at The
Lucky Pawn run by the Jersey Devil, whilst Beast acknowledges having
been doing work as a courier at the butcher shop, The Cut Above --
though he suspects it is illegal merchandise and not meat in the
packages he delivers. Beast also mentions having seen Bloody Mary at
the shop before. Bigby must now decide whether or not to go to the Cut
Above or the Pawn Shop first; he will automatically go to the second
location after the first.

When Bigby visits the butcher shop, he finds a timid man Johann there;
he is quiet and puts on a facade of innocence, though Bigby soon
realizes that in reality, the back room of his business is being used
as an illegal black market factory by the Crooked Man's crew. No sign
of Bloody Mary is here. Additionally, if this was the first location
Bigby visits, he will find a long list of clients on the chalkboard --
but the list will have been erased if Bigby visits the butcher shop
second. Bigby can either be brutal or peaceful with Johann.

When he visits The Lucky Pawn, he finds Jack there working the
register; soon enough, the Jersey Devil (arguing intensely with the
Woodsman) enters. After a brief scuffle between the three, Jersey
unglamours into his true form and battles Bigby. Bigby incapacitates
him, with the help of the Woodsman, who he seems to make up
with. Jersey tells Bigby that the door to the Crooked Man's house
alternates in location. If Bigby visited this shop first, he will find
Jack arguing with Toad, and will have some time to look around the
shop before the scuffle occurs.

(Bigby will find the stolen Magic Mirror shard at the second location
he visits).

Returning to the Business Office to find Bluebeard arguing with Snow
who is also arguing with Toad, Bigby also decides whether or not Toad
should leave for the farm. Either way, Bufkin is able to repair the
Magic Mirror. When Snow asks for Crane, it shows Bloody Mary ordering
Crane to flee to Paris and not attract Fabletown's attention as she
breaks off the magic mirror's vision. When Bigby asks for the Crooked
Man, the mirror reveals a door in an unfamiliar location before the
door relocates to another area. Knowing the location of the relocated
door and that the door will relocate again soon, Bigby rushes out to
catch it before it moves again -- though Snow warns him to return the
Crooked Man back alive and not executed.

Bigby arrives and enters the door teleporting him to the Crooked Lair,
where he finds Tiny Tim acting as the bodyguard. He enters the main
lounge room -- he finds Dee, Dum (Determinant), Jersey Devil, Georgie
and Vivian all in the room, with the Crooked Man present as the
leader. Bigby decides how to initially react to the Crooked Man as the
episode ends.
* Episode 5: Cry Wolf
Picking up right after the last episode, Bigby stands before the
Crooked Man and his crew consisting of Dum (if he was spared) and Dee,
Georgie Porgie and Vivian, and the Jersey Devil. Bigby can either be
rude and threatening to The Crooked Man or accept his hospitality. The
henchman are nervous about Bigby's presence, and Bigby observes the
Crooked Man's use of scare tactics to enforce his rule. When Bigby
brings up the murders, he can either ask The Crooked Man outright who
did it, or take a guess at the culprit himself. In the end, it is
Georgie who killed Faith and Lily. The Crooked Man hands Georgie over
to Bigby, infuriating Georgie. The rest of the crew, save for Vivian,
tell Georgie to leave with Bigby as The Crooked Man commanded. At this
point, Bigby can either try to grab Georgie or The Crooked Man, or
announce that he's "not going anywhere". Whatever his actions, Bloody
Mary teleports to the room through a nearby mirror and attacks Bigby,
resulting in a full-on brawl between Bigby and the henchmen. Bigby
defeats them one by one, mortally wounding Georgie and one of the
Tweedle brothers. As Bigby is fighting, a portal opens up in the back
of the room which The Crooked Man and Mary leave through. Once the
others are defeated, Bigby chases after The Crooked Man. The fate of
the surviving Tweedle(s) and the Jersey Devil are left unknown.

As Bigby chases the survivors outside, he witnesses Georgie and Vivian
escaping in their own vehicle. As he chases after them, he transforms
into his werewolf form, giving him immense strength and
speed. Eventually, Bigby will catch up to both vehicles: the limo
containing The Crooked Man and Mary, and the car containing Georgie
and Vivian. Bigby must then choose which vehicle to jump onto and
pursue.

If he chooses Georgie and Vivian's car, Vivian will try to slow down
the car to shake him off. He falls off the car, but continues to give
chase, eventually following them to the Pudding & Pie. When Bigby
arrives, he has the option of threatening or beating on the fatally
wounded Georgie. Vivian comes to Georgie's defense, but is interrupted
by Georgie, who tells Bigby that The Crooked Man give him the order to
kill Faith and Lily and that Vivian is the original Girl with the
Ribbon, whose curse was applied to the other girls at the club in
order to keep them from talking. Georgie dares Bigby to take Vivan´s
ribbon off, as removing the ribbon and killing her is the only way to
free the other girls from the curse. Regardless of Bigby's actions,
Vivian decides to do it herself, saying that she can´t pretend to not
care anymore. Once she pulls off her ribbon, her head comes off and
she dies. Georgie cries out in grief, and crawls over to her to sit by
her side as he dies. He tells Bigby that the Crooked Man is hiding in
Sheppard Metalworks. He then asks Bigby to put him out of his
misery. Bigby can either kill him quickly or leave him there to
suffer.

If he chooses the Crooked Man's limo, Bloody Mary will slow down the
limo to shake him off easily until he is knocked out, after which she
drives off and escapes. After that, Bigby wakes up in his human form
and runs to the Pudding & Pie. There, he finds the decapitated body of
Vivian and a wounded Georgie right next to her. Bigby angrily asks
what happened, and Georgie tells him that Vivian killed herself, and
explains that she is the original "Girl with the Ribbon", and that she
felt responsible for the deaths of Faith and Lily. He goes on to
explain that he killed the girls because they were planning on
escaping, and that the Crooked Man told him to take care of it. He
tells Bigby that The Crooked Man is hiding in Sheppard Metalworks. He
then asks Bigby to put him out of his misery. Bigby can either kill
him quickly or leave him there to suffer.

Once Bigby arrives at Sheppard Metalworks, he hears Bloody Mary
mocking him, and sees photos plastered about of him, Faith, Nerissa,
and Snow. Walking through the factory, he discovers a room containing
materials for producing silver bullets, where he is suddenly attacked
by Bloody Mary. The Crooked Man appears and says that he has business
to attend to, leaving Bloody Mary to deal with Bigby. They both start
to fight, but Mary gives chase and Bigby follows her out of the room.

Mary attacks Bigby repeatedly from the shadows, darting between the
many reflective metal surfaces within the factory. Eventually, she
emerges and confronts him directly in her true form. Bigby transforms
into his lycanthropic state, as he tries to fight off hundreds of
copies of Mary that she continually produces. As the copies overpower
him and pin him to the ground, ruthlessly stabbing him with the shards
of glass in their skin, Bigby transforms into his true wolf form,
immediately gaining the upper hand. After tearing apart and destroying
numerous copies, he uses his "Huff and Puff" ability to blow away and
destroy all of the copies, leaving only the real Bloody Mary. Jumping
down on him from above, she pulls a glass shard out of her head and
attempts to stab him, but Bigby catches her in his jaws and shatters
her into pieces, killing her.

After dealing with Bloody Mary, Bigby arrives at the room where The
Crooked Man had been watching his fight with Mary. The Crooked Man
points a revolver at Bigby loaded with six silver bullets, firing one
if Bigby attempts any sudden or threatening movements. He asks to be
brought back to Fabletown for a proper trial, so he may defend himself
in front of the community. Bigby can either cuff him or kill him on
the spot by choking him to death.

If Bigby chooses to bring him back alive, he takes the Crooked Man to
the Witching Well chamber, where Snow, Bluebeard, Beauty, Beast,
Johann, Aunty Greenleaf, Lawrence (if alive), Holly and Grendel are
waiting. When Bigby arrives, everyone seems surprised that he made it,
and Snow congratulates him. The crowd will start calling for the
Crooked Man's execution, but Snow intervenes, saying that the Crooked
Man deserves a trial and chance to speak. The Crooked Man then reveals
to the crowd that Georgie was the murderer, and that he had nothing to
do with the murders of Faith and Lily. He goes on to discuss the ways
in which he has helped the people of Fabletown when the government did
not, and criticizes the harsh actions taken by Bigby and Snow White
during their investigations. Depending on the players actions, various
characters will bring up the ways in which the duo harmed them, such
as burning Greenleaf's tree or tearing off Grendel's arm. Snow White
then admits that she has made her share of mistakes, but that
everything she does is for the better of Fabletown. Bigby chimes in,
reminding the crowd that he and Snow have been working incessantly to
protect Fabletown because they truly care about their fellow fables,
unlike the Crooked Man and his ruthless manipulation. As the crowd
begins to turn on him, The Crooked Man contests that if he is
responsible for Georgie killing Faith and Lily because Georgie was
working for him at the time, then Snow is to blame for Bigby´s
actions, like killing Tweedle Dum or assaulting The Woodsman/Tweedle
Dee during the interrogation. He establishes that there is no evidence
that he ordered the girls dead, until Nerissa appears and, now able to
talk since Vivian's death, retorts that she and five other girls were
in the room when he gave the order. The Crooked Man denies this, but
the crowd is convinced by Nerissa's testimony. While everyone debates
over the proper sentence for his crimes, The Crooked Man grabs Bigby
with his handcuffs and drags him toward the Witching Well. Bigby
breaks his hold and holds him over the well. Everyone decides to leave
the sentence up to him, and Bigby can either throw him down the well,
rip his head off, or imprison him.

If the Crooked Man was killed by Bigby at the foundry, Bigby arrives
at the Witching Well chamber with his corpse, to everyone's shock and
surprise. Snow White is outraged at Bigby's actions, but Grendel and
Holly do not seem to mind that The Crooked Man was killed, and
Bluebeard and Lawrence (if alive) also support Bigby's decision. Snow
says that Bigby didn't do justice, and that she cannot defend Bigby if
he keeps killing suspects. The crowd then starts to turn against Bigby
and Snow, accusing them of being incapable of running Fabletown,
saying that even Crane would be preferable. Bigby can choose to either
stay and listen or leave abruptly. If he leaves, then Bigby will
berate the community for criticizing him after the effort he went
through to kill The Crooked Man, throwing his corpse down the witching
well and walking away. If he stays, Nerissa comes in and explains how
she and the other girls were prisoners at Georgie's club, and that it
was The Crooked Man who coerced Georgie into ordering their deaths. As
their names are cleared in front of the community, Bigby and Snow are
accepted as the revolutionized Fabletown government, and the Crooked
Man's corpse is thrown down the Witching Well.

Later on, Bigby is seen going to the Business office, where a big line
of fables waits outside. Snows tells Bigby that Flycatcher forgot his
keys and she gives them to Bigby. If Bigby chose to imprison The
Crooked Man, Aunty Greenleaf comes by and shows Bigby the result of
her work, having transformed him into a crow and imprisoned him in a
cage. She gives the cage to Bigby to take to the farm. Also, if Bigby
decided not to send Colin to the Farm, he will appear with some beers
heading to Bigby's apartment.

Once in the street, Bigby sees Toad and TJ in the truck to the Farm,
regardless of the player's previous choices. Bigby gives Flycatcher
the keys and puts the crow in the truck, and TJ asks Bigby to give
Snow a gift: one of the beetles from his collections that she said she
really liked. Bigby can either accept the gift or say that he is too
busy. Bigby can then comfort TJ by saying that the Farm won´t be so
bad. If Bigby decided to send Colin to the Farm, he is seen in the
front seat of the truck, and asks for a cigarette. Bigby can either
give him one, the whole pack, or nothing.

After the truck leaves for the farm, Nerissa comes to say goodbye to
Bigby, who notices she is still wearing her ribbon. She tells him that
she can't bring herself to simply forget everything that transpired,
and then reveals that she had not been entirely truthful with him
about the deaths of Faith and Lily. She goes on to tell Bigby that
she, Faith, and Lily had a plan to escape from the Pudding & Pie, but
Faith compromised things when she stole the picture of Crane and
Lily. Knowing this could lead to serious trouble with The Crooked Man,
Nerissa revealed the photo and Faith's plan to Georgie. She admits
that she never heard The Crooked Man directly order the deaths of the
girls, as she only heard him tell Georgie to "take care" of things
(which, despite different wording, she still believes to have implied
killing them). Bigby is frustrated by the fact that she lied, but she
assures him that The Crooked Man needed to pay for his crimes, and
that Bigby and Snow are better for the town, despite what others might
say. Nerissa then admits that she was the one who put the girls' heads
on the doorsteps of the Woodlands to get Bigby´s attention.

Before leaving, she comments that Bigby is not as bad everyone says he
is. Suddenly, Bigby recalls that Faith said the exact same before her
death, and several past conversations regarding Faith, Nerissa, and
the use of glamours play out in Bigby's head, raising the possibility
that Nerissa might actually be a glamoured Faith (or that the Faith
seen in Episode 1 was in fact glamoured Nerissa). In light of this
epiphany, Bigby can then decide to either chase after her or let her
go, though either option will eventually cut out to a black screen,
leaving open the possibility for a The Wolf Among Us sequel.

